Kkawula/2827 support for prebuilt packages in scarb (#2864)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/scarb-toml.md

block_id.number = "123"
```

### `[tool.scarb]`

```toml
[tool.scarb]
allow-prebuilt-plugins = ["snforge_std"]
```

> It allow `scarb` to download precompiled dependencies used by `snforge_std`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows `scarb` to download precompiled dependencies used by `snforge_std` from [the registry](https://scarbs.xyz).
```

Reviewer: It would also be good to mention somewhere here that this works only with specific, newer scarb versions

> It gives `scarb` privilege to download precompiled dependencies used by `snforge_std`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It allow `scarb` to download precompiled dependencies used by `snforge_std`.
```

> The `snforge_std` library depends on a Cairo plugin that is written in Rust and, by default, is compiled locally on the user's side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `snforge_std` library depends on a Cairo plugin that is written in Rust, and otherwise is compiled locally on the user's side.
```

maybe?

block_id.number = "123"
```

### `[tool.scarb]`

```toml
[tool.scarb]
allow-prebuilt-plugins = ["snforge_std"]
```
Note: This configuration requires Scarb version >= 2.10.0 .

It allows `scarb` to download precompiled dependencies used by `snforge_std` from [the registry](https://scarbs.xyz).

> The `snforge_std` library depends on a Cairo plugin that is written in Rust, and otherwise is compiled locally on the user's side.

Reviewer 2: Let's keep it, but I think we need to add similar information to the installation docs. Right now we say we require Rust, but it should be explained that for new scarb versions it can be skipped for most platforms.
